dm: Improve the mpsl timeslot length setting (#9091)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Changed the library implementation to bypass the flash driver when storing the emergency data.
    This allows calling the :c:func:`emds_store` function from an interrupt context.

* :ref:`mod_dm`:

>   * Added run-time ranging window length configuration.
>   * Improved the calculation of the mpsl timeslot length by using the functionality of the :ref:`nrf_dm` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added window length configuration for the runtime ranging window.
  * Improved the calculation of MPSL timeslot length by using the :ref:`nrf_dm` library functionality.
```

Reviewer 2: I think the point with original sentence is that the "ranging window" is configurable at runtime now, there is no "runtime ranging window" :nerd_face:

Author: Maybe something like this:
_Added window length configuration in run-time, when a new measurement request is added._

Reviewer: Right, my bad. I just had an issue with the long list of nouns, not really understanding what defines what.

Would this be clear: "Added a window length configuration to be used runtime, when a new measurement request is added."?
